Hey, what are you doing? Let me join you.
Great.
I’m working on questions for a programming contest right now.
Programming? Naoya is someone who can do such things!?
Nowadays, even elementary school students are programming!
I studied so hard that I could do it for my part-time job as a tutor.
This is a programming contest
for junior high and high school students,
to take up the challenge of the questions posted on a website.
Recently, programs using artificial intelligence have become
more commonplace,
so I’m considering making it so that you can input existing lyrics
to a song and automatically generate a parody version of them.
Yes, artificial intelligence!
Hmm, so, this English song is the subject material.
I’d like to include songs everyone knows,
but there are also copyright issues.
Tyson, an acquaintance of Kasumi, suggested this song to me.
Tyson says this kind of usage is acceptable
because it’s fair use as defined by the US Copyright Law,
but there’s no such fair use in Japan.
So, I looked up the author just in case,
and I was just saying, it should be okay
because he’s been dead for 75 years.
Can I talk to you for a second?
You always look so worried. What’s wrong?
I wanted to use this song under fair use in the US.
However, since we do not have fair use in Japan,
we looked into the protection period for copyright.
That seems okay, but is that enough?
That’s what you are talking about.
It’s generally good, but there’s one more thing.
You should be careful.
What? Is there something else?
I’d better explain this properly.
However, I don’t have much time now as I have a meeting,
so can you wait until after that?
Understood. We’ll be waiting.
Okay, I’ll be back after the meeting.